Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
Hello World
field 1 :The field 4 :sky
field 1 :The field 4 :a
field 1 :The field 4 :sky
field 1 :The field 4 :a
field 1 :The field 4 :sky
field 1 :The field 4 :a
field 1 :The field 4 :sky
field 1 :The field 4 :a
field 1 :The field 4 :sky
field 1 :The field 4 :a
field 1 :The field 4 :sky
field 1 :The field 4 :a
field 1 :The field 4 :sky
field 1 :The field 4 :a
field 1:aaaa
field 1:xxxxxx*yyyyyy*zzzzzz
field 1:hhh%iii%jjj%kkk
field 3:
field 3:zzzzzz
field 3:
field 2:
field 2:
field 2:iii
The color of sky is yellow
The cat is a pet yellow
The color of sky is yellow
The cat is a pet yellow
The color of sky is yellow
The cat is a pet yellow
The color of sky is yellow
The cat is a pet yellow
The color of sky is yellow
The cat is a pet yellow
The color of sky is yellow
The cat is a pet yellow
The color of sky is yellow
The cat is a pet yellow
blue
The color of sky is orange
animal
The cat is a pet orange
blue
The color of sky is orange
animal
The cat is a pet orange
blue
The color of sky is orange
animal
The cat is a pet orange
blue
The color of sky is orange
animal
The cat is a pet orange
blue
The color of sky is orange
animal
The cat is a pet orange
blue
The color of sky is orange
animal
The cat is a pet orange
blue
The color of sky is orange
animal
The cat is a pet orange
contents of file are
The color of sky is blue
The cat is a pet animal
The color of sky is blue
The cat is a pet animal
The color of sky is blue
The cat is a pet animal
The color of sky is blue
The cat is a pet animal
The color of sky is blue
The cat is a pet animal
The color of sky is blue
The cat is a pet animal
The color of sky is blue
The cat is a pet animal
end of file
